“Keep on the watch.”
That’s what Jesus told his disciples
after describing the events
of the last days.
How long have you been keeping on the watch?
We’re certainly experiencing
“critical times hard to deal with.”
These are the conditions
we’ve been preaching about for years.
In this update, let’s review
some of the prophecies being fulfilled
right before our eyes
and reflect on the timeliness
of the November campaign
publicizing God’s Kingdom.
First, think about the sign
Jesus gave his disciples.
At Luke 21:11, Jesus said
we would see “food shortages and pestilences”
“in one place after another.”
Well, we are now experiencing
the fulfillment of this part of the sign
in a very pronounced way.
A second prophecy to consider
is recorded in Daniel chapter 2.
There we read
about an immense image representing
a succession of human kingdoms
from the Babylonian Empire down to today.
The feet and toes at the bottom of that image
represent the Anglo-American World Power,
and Daniel tells us
they are “partly of iron and partly of clay.”
Do you remember what this mix of hard iron
and soft clay represents?
The clay pictures
the radical and popular elements
within the sphere
of the United States and Britain
that weaken its ability to act
with ironlike strength.
Daniel 2:43 says:
“They will not stick together,
one to the other.”
The Watchtower  of June 15, 2012,
pointed out clear evidence
of the iron and clay when it said:
“Opposing ideologies
“and close election results
“that do not end up in a clear majority
“have weakened the power base
“of even popular leaders,
“so that they have no clear mandate
to implement their policies.”
Would you agree that this is more evident now
than eight years ago when this was published?
Reflecting on the fulfillment
of Bible prophecy
that we are seeing right now
can fortify our faith.
In the following interview,
Brother Richard Kelsey,
who was baptized in 1941,
shares his thoughts about what’s helped him
to keep on the watch for some 80 years.
I was baptized in June 1941
in Des Moines, Iowa,
at the same time as Peggy,
and we were baptized
in a horse watering tank there.
And this was shortly
before the international convention
in St. Louis, Missouri.
We, as youngsters and children,
were all asked to sit in the first rows
in front of the stage, and Brother Rutherford
gave the talk “Children of the King.”
And during this talk
at the conclusion, he said,
‘There is a new book, the Children  book,
and you will all get a free copy.’
That motivated me greatly.
And, of course, when it was studied later,
that was even a greater motivation
to serve Jehovah.
I started pioneering in September 1948,
but I had already auxiliary pioneered
and, of course, that whetted
my appetite for full-time service.
We see world conditions worsening,
and that could frighten us.
It could be that faithful older ones
could become discouraged
after many years, and it’s very important
to have a close relationship with Jehovah
—an intimate relationship.
We look forward to his Kingdom rule
as a solution for all problems.
Young ones will see the faithfulness
of the older ones and will want
to imitate their faith.
And, of course, that’s pleasing to Jehovah.
Well, when we heard that there was going
to be a special campaign now,
Peggy and I—my wife and I—applied
for auxiliary pioneer service.
We have been preaching
God’s Kingdom for many years,
and now there is a special campaign
devoted to that subject, God’s Kingdom.
And it’s going to be a highlight
in our many years of service to Jehovah.
Like Brother Kelsey,
has your confidence in Jehovah’s promises
been strengthened
by what you see happening today?
People around the world realize
how unusual it is to have a pandemic,
food shortages, civil unrest, earthquakes,
and other disasters
all occur at the same time.
Watching the fulfillment
of Bible prophecies builds our confidence
in other prophecies yet to be fulfilled
—prophecies that promise permanent relief
from the problems we’re dealing with.
For example,
as Daniel 2:44 tells us,
soon God’s Kingdom
will become the only government
ruling over the earth—forever!
Isn’t it exciting that,
amidst these critical times,
we’re participating in a special campaign
clearly pointing people
to the only real solution,
God’s Kingdom?
Some who were once associated
with Jehovah’s organization
are also recognizing
the fulfillment of Bible prophecy
and have been motivated to come back.
If you are inactive or disfellowshipped,
we encourage you to speak to the elders
in your local congregation;
they’ll be happy to assist you.
If you’d like a copy of this magazine,
please go to our website, jw.org,
and download it or ask any one
of Jehovah’s Witnesses for a copy.
Just a few days
into the November campaign,
a sister in France
got a call from a telemarketer.
Let’s listen as Brother Bruno Faure
explains how she took advantage
of the opportunity to advertise the Kingdom.
Clearly, the zealous efforts
of our brothers in France
and around the world
are resulting in a great witness.
Many people are surprised to see
how quickly things have changed in 2020.
Just a few months ago,
life was very different.
This is a very good lesson for us
on how fast things can change in the future.
After saying the words “keep on the watch”
at Matthew 24:42,
notice what Jesus said about the suddenness
of these events that would occur
and how we should react.
Matthew 24:42-44 says:
“Keep on the watch, therefore,
“because you do not know ‏
“on what day your Lord is coming.
“But know one thing:
“If the householder had known
“in what watch the thief was coming,
“he would have kept awake
“and not allowed his house to be broken into.
“On this account,
“you too prove yourselves ready,
“because the Son of man [Jesus]
“is coming at an hour that you
do not think to be it.”
Hasn’t the fast-changing world situation
heightened your appreciation
for the need to “prove yourselves ready”?
Rather than allowing distractions to diminish
our spiritual alertness,
now more than ever we need to pray,
study, attend meetings,
and stay active in the ministry.
Thank you to all of you
who have worked tirelessly
on this Kingdom campaign.
If you haven’t participated
in the campaign yet,
be sure to do so.
What a privilege it is
to advertise the Kingdom
—the solution to all of mankind’s problems!
By doing so, we can “keep on the watch”
and ‘prove ourselves ready.’
Please be assured
of our constant prayers in your behalf
and our warmest love.
From the World Headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting®.